= What is this ?
During the days of Ruby 1.8, the ri command was slow. I mean really slow.
Glacially. Starting a web browser and looking up a class or method description
on ruby-doc.org often felt faster.

Then Mauricio Fernandez produced fastri and qri that produced results a whole
lot faster than the native ri tool. Unfortunately, Mauricio seems to have lost
interest and didn't port fastri to ruby 1.9. There are patches porting fastri
to 1.9.1, but they are iffy and don't work well with 1.9.2 and the new rdoc
cache format.

With ruby 1.9 and rdoc 2.x/3.x ri became very responsive. However the output
format looks like darkfish without the HTML and uses up a lot of space. 

And subjectively, it's ugly.

This is where bri comes in: it tries to emulate fastri/qris output format and
lookup patterns while using the more current rdoc infrastructure.

To compare, do 'ri Array' and 'bri Array' and see which appeals more to you.

= Too... much... text...
Bri is a Beautiful RI formatter.

= Usage

 bri Array # looks up the class description of Array in the ri documentation

 bri Array.class_method # looks up the class method of the given class

 bri Array#instance_method # looks up the instance method of the given class

 bri .class_method # looks up the class method in any class

 bri #instance_method # looks up the instance method in any class

 bri method # looks up an instance method in any class, first looking for
            # an exact match, then methods names where the beginning matches
            # the given search term, and finally looking for the term
            # anywhere in the method name

= Note on ri docs generated by rvm

If you're using `rvm docs generate` and can't see the listing of 
methods in class documentations, this is due to rvm marking all methods
as private during generation. A workaround for now is to generate the ri
documentation with `rdoc --ri`.

= Caveats
I'm reviving this project that has been left rotting for nearly 8 years.
Due to bitrot, changes in rdoc internals and trying to understand my code
from back then, some unexpected hickups may arise. All bug reports with 
references to problematic ri class or method docs are welcome.

= Requirements
 * Ruby 2.6 or later
 * rdoc 6.1 or later
 * term-ansicolor


= The Cheesy Stuff
There are many bries, but there is only one RI bri. 
(Apologies to Pierre).
